div should never be used for styling

all go each in a section
only 1 x h1 for each page
navigation made up of multiple links, if you have only one, then you may not have to put it in nav.
If you have multiple you have to have it in nav.
Search Engine searches unique content to that page.
If it is unique it's worth more. If it's a copy and paste it will rank older content higher.
Section helps search engine filter
If I generate content on website,
Search engine don't care about comments, it's not part of content but it's still on the post.
User comments, blogs, they're not important to search engine, they are put into something
called an article.
Newspapers, mortgage, articles, calculators all of them can be posted on other websites.
So they are not important content.
Copy and Paste are mainly articles.
Search index searches for Facebook.
aside are like weather widgets, it's not on your page, it's on everyone's pages
advertiments is spawned from other pages so you don't know what will displayed.
Glossary will be and aside
sitations are in aside
biography of the author is aside
It is not unique, it's replicated on other poeple's pages
If it can't fit into every other category than you use a div.
Almost everything you use is covered.
Don't use div as a styling book, we know CSS better than that.
Boiler plate is a starting point. 
Template is a design or certain look.
With Boiler Plate you can add a theme to it.
Reset.CSS to remove all default styles on CSS.
Normalize is similar to reset but it does other things that mordernizr does. It's gotten bloated.
Mordernizr all java script, backwards compatibility to old internet browsers.
Selector, selector,
If you keep using code over and over again make it a class, if you use it once or twice, just string selectors together.
Reduce code you are writing.
Descendant selector, is a string selector, example: main ol li
Pseudo class: First child, last child(last object in list), enph(can use a number) in the list.
Clearfix helps pins floats
class Browserupgrade: Encourages users to update their browser.
This is in a production code
IT NEEDS TO BE ADDED

justify-content--> x- axis
align-content on y - axis
start, center, end
This does exists it's called: Flexbox
Display: flex
flex start, flex end
Using flex box you can fit content in everywhere on a 9 sections box( 3 x 3)
also space around and space between

flex-direction changes start and end point.
Doesn't matter where your content is on the script, you can reposition with this tool.
