search engine looks at hidden text on a page as negative points.
Using no visabilty, you just can't see it but it takes up space still.
Content on the page or background image/ filler, as user interact with page, make it visible so people can see what is there. Like a pop up?
Doesn't like it unless for a structural reason.
Don't really use it for display, a lot of code.
Collapse, only use for tables.
Take entire row or column and hide it.
visability:hidden gets confused with display:hidden a lot.
display property is blocked, space between IT
inline objects go inside block objects, inline objects have no margins, we have hybrid named inline block
Important difference: p tag is gone, out of the DOM, so it no longer takes up space.
Display none is useful, don't want it to show or download on mobile, set it to none. Or set it to be shown later.
If it's hidden you can still show it later, if none then display is not there at all.

Display:block is p tags default.
	- Block level objects, makes another line underneath.
	- ul, dls, p tags, most big objects, big captions are all block levels
	- all designed to go inside these, anchor, list, or span tags are inline

<a href="#"></a> # give the href of all the properties enabled.

Only time visited link is different is if it is going to a different website, usually stays the same especially in a nav.

Hover is roll over
active = an event, when you push button on mouse, it gets activated, make sure it is same as hover.
Make sure color is distinct, so navigation stands out.

Inline objects don't have margin, designed to go inside p tag or ol, if it have margin it would just. They have paddings but not margin.
Block object starts a new line.
Inline does not; Inline block objects have margins.
Object jumping in hover, need to put it in link so it doesn't jump.

Change it from inline to inline block it won't spawn a new line.
Default go side by side
block object will stack from a list.
Change it to inline block and flex box to set it.
Vertical, change it to flexbox.
Change direction of object, manipulate display properties as well.
So much more simpler not floating things.
Readibility vs Load Time
Could remove all comments and minify it.
Would have another file to load it.

Can't quote a quote, must use single quotes inside a double quote
Onclick, execute it.
charref on dev3.w3.org
&=8855;