objects, container objects
inline or block
inline is ones that go inside, inside on the line you are working on the p tag
inline only takes up as much space as it needs.
Has intrinsic width
Inherits its widtch from parent
anchors or images a span tag doesn't have inehrent width, fine unless you want to manage them, then you have to define them.
CSS3 you can put a witdth on it.

if give a width of 100 px or 100% is dependent on view port
margin is pushing things around, like gravity

Old-school way is fine if screen is always going to be the same.
If you use % vs old-school way it will no longer be fine.

pixel sizes on display is not regulated by anything.

traditional box model is no longer okay,
16px is default size, but no longer makes sense as pixel sizes are smaller and smaller now.
convert 16 to 10, 10 is 62% of 16, set font size of 
rooted ems gets away from parent sizing.

@import picks it up as using malicious code, so it doesn't use it anymore.
So we need to have a way the user can download they font they want to use, but not install the font on their computer.
avoid using specialized thick fonts, use fonts where it can be used every where.
https://www.fontsquirrel.com/

OTF = Open type fonts = free
WTF = only works on MACs
SCV = scalable 
WOEOT
TTF
SVG
EOT

usually 64kb is a rule, if just one font just put it in CSS folder, if linking statements, don't need to go up and down,
IF a lot, make separate folders for font, license goes into other folder called licenses.

Different fonts could be used for everything? 
Send to addfont to add onto computer on file
You can click resolve missing font in photoshop, can add from adobe font kit.
Charge out fonts to customers.

Another way is https://fonts.google.com/
Can see it in different formats
we're not using @import embeds into tag and it will get flagged, so we want to avoid that.

If number of connections is an issue, have user download it.
If sketchy connection, con-current connection is bad.
If font is bad, connection could time out.
If file too big, then use google method.

https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery&s=brands
uses scalable vector icons, easy to use licensed products that are ready to go.
Can download packages or the whole thing.1:39 PM 1/21/2019
Cannot build a web-page without able to load fonts dynamically, or using a bunch of scalable vector icons to create web page.
Learn methods to use things.

2- border box stylings
and the rems.

Make sure to use inspector to slect a specific code on the page and the css on the page.
Download webfonts example and it should say webfont example start, open that up and take a look. All the HTML is there, but if you look
at the CSS you will outside is just the basics of CSS and all is included by default.
Open webfont-styling to see what you need to build and the completed file.
See which code is applied to which part.

Summary
-@font-face -> multiple connections to get done
-@import -> direct download
-google.doc style

So border-boxing is used to help designer easily calculate the size of the content box, versus doing math adding and subtracting padding and border.

why does auto not work if margin number in beginning is not zero? margin: 0 auto, must give a unit size, unless zero.